what's up everybody the immortal one
here and today I wanted to show you guys
a couple things I've been messing around
with using T flip-flop switches ah quick
thanks to C&B minecraft for posting an
awesome video all about you know t
flip-flops he made like seven or eight
of them that are really awesome so i'll
post the link to that in the description
but for those of you who don't know what
a tee flip-flop is if we look over here
at this lamp if you step on the pressure
plate lamp turns on or when you and then
when you step off it the lamp turns off
the same I deal with this button here it
only stays on while the buttons you know
on or while you're on the pressure plate
so what a tee flip-flop does is it uses
the input from a button or a pressure
plate to provide a continuous signal to
any sort of you know redstone source so
you can see here the lamps off we'll hit
the button and the lamp will turn on and
then once hit the button again the lamp
will turn back off so how that works and
I'll show to build one really quick
you'll want to dig down one block with
the redstone torch and then three blocks
and sort of an upside-down l-shape
sticky pissed on that side and a sticky
piston on that side redstone torch there
redstone torch there to power the
Pistons and redstone connecting the top
so right here on this redstone torch put
your output line this will you know give
power to whatever you're trying to so
when you hit the button the Pistons will
kind of shift this block will go above
this redstone torch powering the block
which will then power this redstone line
so it's kind of hot tea flip-flop works
now most of you have probably seen this
door before um I call it ethos door etho
has one in his let's play that he made
and calls it the golden door he uses in
his storage room for all of his potions
and you know spider eyes glass vial
stuff like that
so what I have here is a pressure plate
with an input connected to right here
and then our t flip-flop with our output
on this side so you'll step on the
pressure plate the door will open up you
can walk through you know pretend this
is a room your storage room your bedroom
your furnace room kind of whatever go in
here grab your stuff and then when you
leave you'll just step on the pressure
plate again and the door will close so
quick you know show you guys how I have
this wired up so we have our output once
again coming from the redstone torch
underneath that dirt block this wraps
around so we have three pistons on the
bottom here one on either side and three
more up top as you can see right there
and all these are set to just a one tick
difference so you can see you know no
tick one two three or a full tick then
up here you know you have a full tick
and then another new repeater with no
tick a 3 + 1 3 + 2 then here we have
another repeater because the signal just
didn't quite reach so this is actually a
full tick plus a 2 plus another one
which will delay it by one more so that
way when you open the door you get this
kind of cool circle effect one important
thing to do is to make sure you put
blocks in these corners like you can see
I have right here because the door will
look fine while it's closed but when you
open it there will be a hole right there
so just you know make sure you throw a
block there another thing you can do
with this if one use I was like an
entrance for your house is do a little
bit a redstone rewiring here she'll wire
it like that you'll have to invert the
signal to keep the door closed and then
let's say you're walking into your house
now you're kind of walking in in the
doral close right behind you and then
you left a wire you know another
pressure plate on this side to reopen
the door but yes so that's kind of ethos
door both with 80 flip-flop or you know
just by inverting the signal another
thing I've kind of been messing around
with is this idea of no just kind of a
safe house so use your imagination just
for a moment and imagine this kind of
built into a mountainside you know this
is kind of the cliff let's say so you're
in your house and when you walk outside
the sort of walkway appears you come out
here cut down a tree or whatever and
then when you walk back inside the
walkway disappears so mobs can't you
know get into your house same idea with
this everyone we have the pressure plate
which is right under that iron ore right
on top of I should say that iron block
used as our input for the t flip-flop as
well as our input for the piston door
now you can use just a normally no
wooden or iron door but I really like
the look of both of those blocks being
pulled all the way so our T flip-flop
output starts there and wraps around up
here and is connected to these pistons
and then this other pressure plate you
can see there is on a separate you know
line of redstone so it doesn't conflict
with our T flip-flop and that wraps
around and connects to our double piston
door as well so then it's kind of a fun
idea for you know kind of a safe house
idea another option you could do with
this is you know set this instead of on
a tee flip-flop set on some sort of a
timer so that way when you walk and you
know set it so when you walk off it the
Fingal retract again so that way mobs
can get home even when you're not there
so it's a little bit of a safer safe
house if you want to call it that
well that's it for today everybody um
thanks for watching I've hope you
learned a little bit about t flip-flops
I really like that I think it's a lot
cooler than using a lever especially if
you're opening a door like that you know
you can walk over the pressure plate and
just looks up more fancy little bit more
technical I'll once again you know
please stop by and say thanks to c NB
minecraft for posting that video about t
flip-flops and make sure you check that
out because he has a lot of cool stuff
on there I'll leave a like if you like
guys if you want to see a full tutorial
any of these builds you know let me know
down in the comments otherwise I will
see you all next time